---
title: The Fear of Blogging
slug: the-fear-of-blogging
date: 2020-7-8
published: true
---

Earlier this year I decided to get into affiliate marketing by launching
[Webhost Watchdog](https://webhostwatchdog.com) and because I'm a cheap skate
and complete control freak when it comes to side projects, I opted to write all
the content myself rather than hiring others (let's see how far I make it before
starting to casually browse Upwork). Fast forward a few months and I'm getting
much better at writing and have started making posts here and there, mostly on
Reddit.

I would blog more under my name, and I intend to, but I have this uneasy fear
that one day an employer is going to consider me, look at my blog, find
something they don't like, and pass me up. Worse, what if my current employer
finds my work, considers it unsavory, and cans me for it.

I wouldn't call this a rational fear but I wouldn't go so far as to say that
it's a completley irrational fear. One of my coworkers hit me up on Slack the
other day to tell me he saw my article I wrote on [dev.to](https://dev.to),
while it was positive, and he just wanted to congratulate me on it (it was
getting some pretty good engagement), I got this uneasy feeling of what if I had
written something else, maybe something about politics, maybe something about
work, something that would cast a bad light.

I won't let this stop me though. While I don't set out to writing content that
other may find upsetting, offensive, and get them in the mood to cancel me, I
can't make any promises that won't happen. So while I typically hate gambling,
writing is not something I'm willing to pass up just to prevent the off chance
of pissing someone off, so I'm going to roll the fucking dice on this one.
